Add automated style guide (#4830)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: .claude/skills/heading/SKILL.md

---
name: Headings
description: Review or write heading
---
#### Overview

Headings should be clear, concise, and use familiar keywords that help users understand what the content covers.

**General principles for all headings:**
- Make the heading 3-11 words long

> - Use clear headings with familiar keywords for users

Reviewer: What does "clear headings" actually mean? Can we define/clarify it further?

Author: This is what the skill says in its current form: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/1771c3fe5b08f59910decb8d6555bbee9fae7e2e/.claude/skills/heading/SKILL.md?plain=1#L18 It could be clarified, so let's raise an issue. IMO not a blocker for this PR.

Author: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/5103

- Ensure the heading summarizes the contents of the part of the documentation it introduces

**Module-type-specific principles:**
- **Concepts** (con_*.adoc): Do not start with a gerund or verb. Use a noun phrase and include nouns that appear in the body text.
- **Procedures** (proc_*.adoc): Start the heading with a gerund (e.g., "Configuring...", "Creating...").
- **References** (ref_*.adoc): Do not start with a gerund or verb. Include nouns that appear in the body text.
- **Assemblies** containing procedures: Start the heading with a gerund.

> - **Assemblies** containing only concepts or references: Do not start with a gerund or verb. Use a noun phrase.

Reviewer: Assemblies do not have headings (as of right now)

Author: This is what the skill file says in its current form: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/1771c3fe5b08f59910decb8d6555bbee9fae7e2e/.claude/skills/heading/SKILL.md?plain=1#L26 For human users, this is okay: An assembly does have a heading. For AI tools, I think they also recognize that the first `con_*.adoc` module is effectively the assembly heading.

Either way, because this is what the skill file currently says, IMO not a blocker for this PR.

> - **Assemblies** containing only concepts or references: Do not start with a gerund or verb. Use a noun phrase.

Reviewer: assemblies do not have headings.

Author: They actually do: From a human's perspective, the assembly heading is the heading at the beginning of the assembly (even if it's placed in a concept module).

From a machine's perspective, things might be a bit muddier: Does AI correctly recognize the heading of a first concept module as an assembly heading? I have not seen AI misinterpret this part of the instructions so I haven't had a reason to think it does not recognize it.

In any case, this is what the skill currently says: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/.claude/skills/heading/SKILL.md Is it okay to leave it like this, and update it only if we see AI misinterpret these instructions?

Reviewer: OK, then let's keep it as is.

#### Examples

**Concept headings:**
- Provisioning methods in {Project}
- Security considerations in {Project}
- Host groups overview

**Procedure headings:**
- Deploying SSH keys during provisioning
- Opening required ports
- Configuring pull-based transport for remote execution

**Reference headings:**
- Job template examples and extensions
- Host parameter hierarchy
- Operating system requirements

**Assembly headings:**
- Connecting AI applications to the MCP server for {Project}
- Configuring {SmartProxy} and hosts to authenticate with SSH certificates during remote execution
- Content and patch management with {Project}

#### Instructions

Review and improve the heading for this file. Write it if it doesn't exist yet.

Follow the principles outlined in the Overview section above.

#### Post-command cleanup

> If you rename a heading, use the `/refactor-adoc` command to update the module's ID, filename, and all references and links to the module in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you rename a heading, use the `/refactor-adoc` command to update the anchor, and filename of the module and all references and links to the module in the repository.
```
